<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>phpDox - Zend\Math\Source\HashTiming</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/style.css" media="screen"/>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="topnav">
      <ul>
        <li>
          <div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../interfaces.xhtml">Interfaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../traits.xhtml">Traits</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../source/index.xhtml">Source</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </nav>
    <div id="mainstage">
      <div class="box">
        <ul class="breadcrumb">
          <li>
            <a href="../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../classes.xhtml#Zend_Math_Source">Zend\Math\Source</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">HashTiming</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <nav class="box">
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#synopsis">Synopsis</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#hierarchy">Hierarchy</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#methods">Methods</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="../source/Math/Source/HashTiming.php.xhtml#line52">Source</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
      <section>
        <h1 id="introduction"><small>Zend\Math\Source\</small>HashTiming</h1>
        <h4>Author: George Argyros &lt;argyros.george@gmail.com&gt;</h4>
        <p>Copyright (c) 2012, George Argyros<br/>All rights reserved.<br/><br/>Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without<br/>modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:<br/>* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright<br/>notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.<br/>* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright<br/>notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the<br/>documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.<br/>* Neither the name of the &lt;organization&gt; nor the<br/>names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products<br/>derived from this software without specific prior written permission.<br/><br/>THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND<br/>ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED<br/>WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE<br/>DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL GEORGE ARGYROS BE LIABLE FOR ANY<br/>DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES<br/>(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;<br/>LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND<br/>ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT<br/>(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS<br/>SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.<br/><br/><br/><br/>The function is providing, at least at the systems tested :),<br/>$len bytes of entropy under any PHP installation or operating system.<br/>The execution time should be at most 10-20 ms in any system.<br/><br/>Modified by Padraic Brady as part of Zend Framework to use 25% of the<br/>original version's iterations.</p>
        <ul/>
        <h2 id="synopsis">Synopsis</h2>
        <div class="synopsis">class HashTiming
                implements
                <a title="RandomLib\Source" href="../interfaces/RandomLib_Source.xhtml">Source</a>
            {<br/><ul class="none"><li>// methods</li><li>public static Strength <a title="Zend\Math\Source\HashTiming" href="../classes/Zend_Math_Source_HashTiming/getStrength.xhtml">getStrength</a>()
                    </li><li>public string <a title="Zend\Math\Source\HashTiming" href="../classes/Zend_Math_Source_HashTiming/generate.xhtml">generate</a>()
                    </li></ul>

            }<br/></div>
        <h2 id="hierarchy">Hierarchy</h2>
        <div class="styled">
          <h4>Implements</h4>
          <ul>
            <li>
              <a href="../interfaces/RandomLib_Source.xhtml">RandomLib\Source</a>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </div>
        <h2 id="methods">Methods</h2>
        <div class="styled">
          <h4>public</h4>
          <ul>
            <li id="generate"><a title="Zend\Math\Source\HashTiming" href="../classes/Zend_Math_Source_HashTiming/generate.xhtml">generate()</a>
                — Generate a random string of the specified size</li>
            <li id="getStrength"><a title="Zend\Math\Source\HashTiming" href="../classes/Zend_Math_Source_HashTiming/getStrength.xhtml">getStrength()</a>
                — Return an instance of Strength indicating the strength of the source</li>
          </ul>
        </div>
      </section>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <span/>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
