<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "html" "">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="no-js" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <title>zf - Symfony\Component\Form\DataTransformerInterface - API Documentation</title>
    <link href="../css/normalize.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"/>
    <link href="../css/styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="wrapper clearfix">
      <div class="topbar clearfix">
        <h1>
          <a class="brand" href="../index.xhtml">zf - API Documentation</a>
        </h1>
        <ul class="nav">
          <li class="active">
            <a href="../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="navigation">
        <h3>Methods</h3>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#reverseTransform">reverseTransform</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#transform">transform</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="content">
        <h2><span style="font-size:60%">Symfony\Component\Form\</span>DataTransformerInterface</h2>
        <div class="file-notice">
          <p>Transforms a value between different representations.</p>
        </div>
        <ul class="fileinfos">
          <li><b>Author: </b>Bernhard Schussek &lt;bschussek@gmail.com&gt;</li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Methods</h3>
        <ul class="varlist">
          <li>
            <a name="reverseTransform"/>
            <h4><span class="label public">public</span>reverseTransform<span style="font-size:90%;">( <span class="param-type">mixed</span><strong> $value</strong> )</span></h4>
            <p style="font-size:110%; padding-top:5px;">
              <li>Transforms a value from the transformed representation to its original representation.<pre>This method is called when  is called to transform the requests tainted data
into an acceptable format for your data processing/model layer.
This method must be able to deal with empty values. Usually this will
be an empty string, but depending on your implementation other empty
values are possible as well (such as empty strings). The reasoning behind
this is that value transformers must be chainable. If the
reverseTransform() method of the first value transformer outputs an
empty string, the second value transformer must be able to process that
value.
By convention, reverseTransform() should return NULL if an empty string
is passed.
</pre></li>
            </p>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="param">Parameters:</h4>
              <ul class="param">
                <li><code>$value</code> - The value in the transformed representation</li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="return">Returns:</h4>
              <ul class="return">
                <li>The value in the original representation</li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="throws">Throws:</h4>
              <ul class="throws">
                <li>
                  <code>TransformationFailedException When the transformation fails.</code>
                </li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a name="transform"/>
            <h4><span class="label public">public</span>transform<span style="font-size:90%;">( <span class="param-type">mixed</span><strong> $value</strong> )</span></h4>
            <p style="font-size:110%; padding-top:5px;">
              <li>Transforms a value from the original representation to a transformed representation.<pre>This method is called on two occasions inside a form field:
1. When the form field is initialized with the data attached from the datasource (object or array).
2. When data from a request is submitted using  to transform the new input data
   back into the renderable format. For example if you have a date field and submit '2009-10-10'
   you might accept this value because its easily parsed, but the transformer still writes back
   "2009/10/10" onto the form field (for further displaying or other purposes).
This method must be able to deal with empty values. Usually this will
be NULL, but depending on your implementation other empty values are
possible as well (such as empty strings). The reasoning behind this is
that value transformers must be chainable. If the transform() method
of the first value transformer outputs NULL, the second value transformer
must be able to process that value.
By convention, transform() should return an empty string if NULL is
passed.
</pre></li>
            </p>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="param">Parameters:</h4>
              <ul class="param">
                <li><code>$value</code> - The value in the original representation</li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="return">Returns:</h4>
              <ul class="return">
                <li>The value in the transformed representation</li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="throws">Throws:</h4>
              <ul class="throws">
                <li>
                  <code>TransformationFailedException When the transformation fails.</code>
                </li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
        <div class="footer">Generated using phpDox 0.5-38-gec79141-dirty - Copyright (C) 2010 - 2013 by Arne Blankerts</div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
