<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "html" "">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="no-js" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <title>zf - Symfony\Component\PropertyAccess\PropertyAccessorInterface - API Documentation</title>
    <link href="../css/normalize.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"/>
    <link href="../css/styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="wrapper clearfix">
      <div class="topbar clearfix">
        <h1>
          <a class="brand" href="../index.xhtml">zf - API Documentation</a>
        </h1>
        <ul class="nav">
          <li class="active">
            <a href="../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="navigation">
        <h3>Methods</h3>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#getValue">getValue</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#setValue">setValue</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="content">
        <h2><span style="font-size:60%">Symfony\Component\PropertyAccess\</span>PropertyAccessorInterface</h2>
        <div class="file-notice">
          <p>Writes and reads values to/from an object/array graph.</p>
        </div>
        <ul class="fileinfos">
          <li><b>Author: </b>Bernhard Schussek &lt;bschussek@gmail.com&gt;</li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Methods</h3>
        <ul class="varlist">
          <li>
            <a name="getValue"/>
            <h4><span class="label public">public</span>getValue<span style="font-size:90%;">( <span class="param-type"><span title="object|array">object|array</span></span><strong> $objectOrArray</strong>, <span class="param-type"><span title="string|PropertyPathInterface">string|PropertyPathInterface</span></span><strong> $propertyPath</strong> )</span></h4>
            <p style="font-size:110%; padding-top:5px;">
              <li>Returns the value at the end of the property path of the object<pre>Example:

    use Symfony\Component\PropertyAccess\PropertyAccess;

    $propertyAccessor = PropertyAccess::getPropertyAccessor();

    echo $propertyAccessor-&gt;getValue($object, 'child.name);
    // equals echo $object-&gt;getChild()-&gt;getName();

This method first tries to find a public getter for each property in the
path. The name of the getter must be the camel-cased property name
prefixed with "get", "is", or "has".

If the getter does not exist, this method tries to find a public
property. The value of the property is then returned.

If none of them are found, an exception is thrown.</pre></li>
            </p>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="param">Parameters:</h4>
              <ul class="param">
                <li><code>$objectOrArray</code> - The object or array to traverse</li>
                <li><code>$propertyPath</code> - The property path to read</li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="return">Returns:</h4>
              <ul class="return">
                <li>The value at the end of the property path</li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="throws">Throws:</h4>
              <ul class="throws">
                <li>
                  <code>Exception\NoSuchPropertyException If a property does not exist or is not public.</code>
                </li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a name="setValue"/>
            <h4><span class="label public">public</span>setValue<span style="font-size:90%;">( <span class="param-type"><span title="object|array">object|array</span></span><strong> &amp;$objectOrArray</strong>, <span class="param-type"><span title="string|PropertyPathInterface">string|PropertyPathInterface</span></span><strong> $propertyPath</strong>, <span class="param-type">mixed</span><strong> $value</strong> )</span></h4>
            <p style="font-size:110%; padding-top:5px;">
              <li>Sets the value at the end of the property path of the object<pre>Example:

    use Symfony\Component\PropertyAccess\PropertyAccess;

    $propertyAccessor = PropertyAccess::getPropertyAccessor();

    echo $propertyAccessor-&gt;setValue($object, 'child.name', 'Fabien');
    // equals echo $object-&gt;getChild()-&gt;setName('Fabien');

This method first tries to find a public setter for each property in the
path. The name of the setter must be the camel-cased property name
prefixed with "set".

If the setter does not exist, this method tries to find a public
property. The value of the property is then changed.

If neither is found, an exception is thrown.</pre></li>
            </p>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="param">Parameters:</h4>
              <ul class="param">
                <li><code>$objectOrArray</code> - The object or array to modify</li>
                <li><code>$propertyPath</code> - The property path to modify</li>
                <li><code>$value</code> - The value to set at the end of the property path</li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="throws">Throws:</h4>
              <ul class="throws">
                <li>
                  <code>Exception\NoSuchPropertyException If a property does not exist or is not public.</code>
                </li>
                <li>
                  <code>Exception\UnexpectedTypeException If a value within the path is neither object</code>
                </li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
        <div class="footer">Generated using phpDox 0.5-38-gec79141-dirty - Copyright (C) 2010 - 2013 by Arne Blankerts</div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
