<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "html" "">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="no-js" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <title>zf - Symfony\Component\Routing\Generator\UrlGeneratorInterface - API Documentation</title>
    <link href="../css/normalize.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"/>
    <link href="../css/styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="wrapper clearfix">
      <div class="topbar clearfix">
        <h1>
          <a class="brand" href="../index.xhtml">zf - API Documentation</a>
        </h1>
        <ul class="nav">
          <li class="active">
            <a href="../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="navigation">
        <h3>Constants</h3>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#ABSOLUTE_URL">ABSOLUTE_URL</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#ABSOLUTE_PATH">ABSOLUTE_PATH</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#RELATIVE_PATH">RELATIVE_PATH</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#NETWORK_PATH">NETWORK_PATH</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Methods</h3>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#generate">generate</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#getContext">getContext</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#setContext">setContext</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="content">
        <h2><span style="font-size:60%">Symfony\Component\Routing\Generator\</span>UrlGeneratorInterface</h2>
        <div class="file-notice">
          <p>UrlGeneratorInterface is the interface that all URL generator classes must implement.</p>
          <p>
            <pre>The constants in this interface define the different types of resource references that
are declared in RFC 3986: http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986
We are using the term "URL" instead of "URI" as this is more common in web applications
and we do not need to distinguish them as the difference is mostly semantical and
less technical. Generating URIs, i.e. representation-independent resource identifiers,
is also possible.</pre>
          </p>
        </div>
        <ul class="fileinfos">
          <li><b>Author: </b>Fabien Potencier &lt;fabien@symfony.com&gt;</li>
          <li><b>Author: </b>Tobias Schultze &lt;http://tobion.de&gt;</li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Constants</h3>
        <ul class="varlist">
          <li><a name="ABSOLUTE_URL"/>ABSOLUTE_URL = <em> </em><p><li>Generates an absolute URL, e.g. "http://example.com/dir/file".</li></p><hr/></li>
          <li><a name="ABSOLUTE_PATH"/>ABSOLUTE_PATH = <em> </em><p><li>Generates an absolute path, e.g. "/dir/file".</li></p><hr/></li>
          <li><a name="RELATIVE_PATH"/>RELATIVE_PATH = 'relative'<em> </em><p><li>Generates a relative path based on the current request path, e.g. "../parent-file".</li></p><hr/></li>
          <li><a name="NETWORK_PATH"/>NETWORK_PATH = 'network'<em> </em><p><li>Generates a network path, e.g. "//example.com/dir/file".<pre>Such reference reuses the current scheme but specifies the host.</pre></li></p><hr/></li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Methods</h3>
        <ul class="varlist">
          <li>
            <a name="generate"/>
            <h4><span class="label public">public</span>generate<span style="font-size:90%;">( <span class="param-type">string</span><strong> $name</strong>, <span class="param-type">Array</span><strong> $parameters</strong>, <span class="param-type"><span title="Boolean|string">Boolean|string</span></span><strong> $referenceType</strong> )</span></h4>
            <p style="font-size:110%; padding-top:5px;">
              <li>Generates a URL or path for a specific route based on the given parameters.<pre>Parameters that reference placeholders in the route pattern will substitute them in the
path or host. Extra params are added as query string to the URL.

When the passed reference type cannot be generated for the route because it requires a different
host or scheme than the current one, the method will return a more comprehensive reference
that includes the required params. For example, when you call this method with $referenceType = ABSOLUTE_PATH
but the route requires the https scheme whereas the current scheme is http, it will instead return an
ABSOLUTE_URL with the https scheme and the current host. This makes sure the generated URL matches
the route in any case.

If there is no route with the given name, the generator must throw the RouteNotFoundException.</pre></li>
            </p>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="param">Parameters:</h4>
              <ul class="param">
                <li><code>$name</code> - The name of the route</li>
                <li><code>$parameters</code> - An array of parameters</li>
                <li><code>$referenceType</code> - The type of reference to be generated (one of the constants)</li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="return">Returns:</h4>
              <ul class="return">
                <li>The generated URL</li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="throws">Throws:</h4>
              <ul class="throws">
                <li>
                  <code>RouteNotFoundException              If the named route doesn't exist</code>
                </li>
                <li>
                  <code>MissingMandatoryParametersException When some parameters are missing that are mandatory for the route</code>
                </li>
                <li>
                  <code>InvalidParameterException           When a parameter value for a placeholder is not correct because</code>
                </li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a name="getContext"/>
            <h4><span class="label public">public</span>getContext<span style="font-size:90%;">(  )</span></h4>
            <p style="font-size:110%; padding-top:5px;">
              <li>Gets the request context.</li>
            </p>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="return">Returns:</h4>
              <ul class="return">
                <li>The context</li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a name="setContext"/>
            <h4><span class="label public">public</span>setContext<span style="font-size:90%;">( <span class="param-type"><a href="../classes/Symfony_Component_Routing_RequestContext.xhtml">Symfony\Component\Routing\RequestContext</a></span><strong> $context</strong> )</span></h4>
            <p style="font-size:110%; padding-top:5px;">
              <li>Sets the request context.</li>
            </p>
            <ul>
              <h4 class="param">Parameters:</h4>
              <ul class="param">
                <li><code>$context</code> - The context</li>
              </ul>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
        <div class="footer">Generated using phpDox 0.5-38-gec79141-dirty - Copyright (C) 2010 - 2013 by Arne Blankerts</div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
