<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>phpDox - Symfony\Component\Validator\MetadataInterface</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../css/style.css" media="screen"/>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="topnav">
      <ul>
        <li>
          <div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../interfaces.xhtml">Interfaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../traits.xhtml">Traits</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../source/index.xhtml">Source</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </nav>
    <div id="mainstage">
      <div class="box">
        <ul class="breadcrumb">
          <li>
            <a href="../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../interfaces.xhtml">Interfaces</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../interfaces.xhtml#Symfony_Component_Validator">Symfony\Component\Validator</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">MetadataInterface</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <nav class="box">
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#synopsis">Synopsis</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#hierarchy">Hierarchy</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#violations">Violations</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#methods">Methods</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="../source/symfony/symfony/src/Symfony/Component/Validator/MetadataInterface.php.xhtml#line45">Source</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
      <section>
        <h1 id="introduction"><small>Symfony\Component\Validator\</small>MetadataInterface</h1>
        <h4>A container for validation metadata.</h4>
        <p>The container contains constraints that may belong to different validation<br/>groups. Constraints for a specific group can be fetched by calling<br/>.<br/>Implement this interface to add validation metadata to your own metadata<br/>layer. Each metadata may have named properties. Each property can be<br/>represented by one or more instances that<br/>are returned by . Since<br/>&lt;tt&gt;PropertyMetadataInterface&lt;/tt&gt; inherits from &lt;tt&gt;MetadataInterface&lt;/tt&gt;,<br/>each property may be divided into further properties.<br/>The method of each metadata implements the Visitor pattern.<br/>The method should forward the call to the visitor's<br/>method and additionally call<br/>&lt;tt&gt;accept()&lt;/tt&gt; on all structurally related metadata instances.<br/>For example, to store constraints for PHP classes and their properties,<br/>create a class &lt;tt&gt;ClassMetadata&lt;/tt&gt; (implementing &lt;tt&gt;MetadataInterface&lt;/tt&gt;)<br/>and a class &lt;tt&gt;PropertyMetadata&lt;/tt&gt; (implementing &lt;tt&gt;PropertyMetadataInterface&lt;/tt&gt;).<br/>&lt;tt&gt;ClassMetadata::getPropertyMetadata($property)&lt;/tt&gt; returns all<br/>&lt;tt&gt;PropertyMetadata&lt;/tt&gt; instances for a property of that class. Its<br/>&lt;tt&gt;accept()&lt;/tt&gt;-method simply forwards to &lt;tt&gt;ValidationVisitorInterface::visit()&lt;/tt&gt;<br/>and calls &lt;tt&gt;accept()&lt;/tt&gt; on all contained &lt;tt&gt;PropertyMetadata&lt;/tt&gt;<br/>instances, which themselves call &lt;tt&gt;ValidationVisitorInterface::visit()&lt;/tt&gt;<br/>again.<br/></p>
        <ul>
          <li>Author: Bernhard Schussek &lt;bschussek@gmail.com&gt;</li>
        </ul>
        <h2 id="synopsis">Synopsis</h2>
        <div class="synopsis">interface MetadataInterface
            {<br/><ul class="none"><li>// methods</li><li>public void <a title="Symfony\Component\Validator\MetadataInterface" href="../interfaces/Symfony_Component_Validator_MetadataInterface/accept.xhtml">accept</a>()
                    </li><li>public array <a title="Symfony\Component\Validator\MetadataInterface" href="../interfaces/Symfony_Component_Validator_MetadataInterface/findConstraints.xhtml">findConstraints</a>()
                    </li></ul>

            }<br/></div>
        <h2 id="hierarchy">Hierarchy</h2>
        <div class="styled">
          <h4>Extended by</h4>
          <ul>
            <li>
              <a href="../interfaces/Symfony_Component_Validator_PropertyMetadataInterface.xhtml">Symfony\Component\Validator\PropertyMetadataInterface</a>
            </li>
          </ul>
          <h4>Implemented by</h4>
          <ul>
            <li>
              <a href="../classes/Symfony_Component_Validator_Mapping_ClassMetadata.xhtml">Symfony\Component\Validator\Mapping\ClassMetadata</a>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </div>
        <h2 id="methods">Methods</h2>
        <div class="styled">
          <h4>public</h4>
          <ul>
            <li id="accept"><a title="Symfony\Component\Validator\MetadataInterface" href="../interfaces/Symfony_Component_Validator_MetadataInterface/accept.xhtml">accept()</a>
                — Implementation of the Visitor design pattern.</li>
            <li id="findConstraints"><a title="Symfony\Component\Validator\MetadataInterface" href="../interfaces/Symfony_Component_Validator_MetadataInterface/findConstraints.xhtml">findConstraints()</a>
                — Returns all constraints for a given validation group.</li>
          </ul>
        </div>
      </section>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <span/>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
