<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "html" "">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="no-js" lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8"/>
    <title>Symfony2 - Symfony\Component\Console\ConsoleEvents - API Documentation</title>
    <link href="../css/normalize.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"/>
    <link href="../css/styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="wrapper clearfix">
      <div class="topbar clearfix">
        <h1>
          <a class="brand" href="../index.xhtml">Symfony2 - API Documentation</a>
        </h1>
        <ul class="nav">
          <li class="active">
            <a href="../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="navigation">
        <h3>Constants</h3>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#COMMAND">COMMAND</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#TERMINATE">TERMINATE</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#EXCEPTION">EXCEPTION</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="content">
        <h2><span style="font-size:60%">Symfony\Component\Console\</span>ConsoleEvents</h2>
        <div class="file-notice">
          <p>Contains all events dispatched by an Application.</p>
        </div>
        <ul class="fileinfos">
          <li><b>Author: </b>Francesco Levorato &lt;git@flevour.net&gt;</li>
        </ul>
        <h3>Constants</h3>
        <ul class="varlist">
          <li><a name="COMMAND"/>COMMAND = 'console.command'<em> string</em><p><li>The COMMAND event allows you to attach listeners before any command is executed by the console. It also allows you to modify the command, input and output before they are handled to the command.<pre>The event listener method receives a Symfony\Component\Console\Event\ConsoleCommandEvent
instance.</pre></li></p><hr/></li>
          <li><a name="TERMINATE"/>TERMINATE = 'console.terminate'<em> string</em><p><li>The TERMINATE event allows you to attach listeners after a command is executed by the console.<pre>The event listener method receives a Symfony\Component\Console\Event\ConsoleTerminateEvent
instance.</pre></li></p><hr/></li>
          <li><a name="EXCEPTION"/>EXCEPTION = 'console.exception'<em> string</em><p><li>The EXCEPTION event occurs when an uncaught exception appears.<pre>This event allows you to deal with the exception or
to modify the thrown exception. The event listener method receives
a Symfony\Component\Console\Event\ConsoleExceptionEvent
instance.</pre></li></p><hr/></li>
        </ul>
        <div class="footer">Generated using phpDox 0.5-40-g758636e - Copyright (C) 2010 - 2013 by Arne Blankerts</div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
