<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html SYSTEM "about:legacy-compat">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pu="http://schema.phpunit.de/coverage/1.0" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>phpDox - Test Method</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/style.css" media="screen"/>
    <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="topnav">
      <ul>
        <li>
          <div class="logo"><span>/**</span>phpDox</div>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../namespaces.xhtml">Namespaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../interfaces.xhtml">Interfaces</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
        </li>
        <li>
          <a href="../../traits.xhtml">Traits</a>
        </li>
        <li class="separator">
          <a href="../../source/index.xhtml">Source</a>
        </li>
      </ul>
    </nav>
    <div id="mainstage">
      <div class="box">
        <ul class="breadcrumb">
          <li>
            <a href="../../index.xhtml">Overview</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml">Classes</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a href="../../classes.xhtml#Symfony_Component_Form">Symfony\Component\Form</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">
            <a title="Symfony\Component\Form\FormRendererEngineInterface" href="../../interfaces/Symfony_Component_Form_FormRendererEngineInterface.xhtml">FormRendererEngineInterface</a>
          </li>
          <li class="separator">getResourceHierarchyLevel</li>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <nav class="box">
        <ul>
          <li>
            <a href="#introduction">Introduction</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#synopsis">Synopsis</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#parameter">Parameter</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="#return">Return</a>
          </li>
          <li>
            <a href="../../source/symfony/symfony/src/Symfony/Component/Form/FormRendererEngineInterface.php.xhtml#line133">Source</a>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </nav>
      <section>
        <h1><small>Symfony\Component\Form\FormRendererEngineInterface::</small>getResourceHierarchyLevel</h1>
        <h4>Returns the hierarchy level at which a resource can be found.</h4>
        <p>A block hierarchy is an array which starts with the root of the hierarchy
and continues with the child of that root, the child of that child etc.
The following is an example for a block hierarchy:
&lt;code&gt;
form_widget
text_widget
url_widget
&lt;/code&gt;
The second parameter $hierarchyLevel determines the level of the hierarchy
that should be rendered.
If we call this method with the hierarchy level 2, the engine will first
look for a resource for block "url_widget". If such a resource exists,
the method returns 2. Otherwise it tries to find a resource for block
"text_widget" (at level 1) and, again, returns 1 if a resource was found.
The method continues to look for resources until the root level was
reached and nothing was found. In this case false is returned.
The type of the resource is decided by the implementation. The resource
is later passed to  by the rendering algorithm.
</p>
        <ul/>
        <h2 id="signature">Signature</h2>
        <div class="styled synopsis">
          <code>public function getResourceHierarchyLevel(<a title="Symfony\Component\Form\FormView" href="../../interfaces/Symfony_Component_Form_FormView.xhtml">FormView</a>
        $view,
            array
        $blockNameHierarchy,
            integer
        $hierarchyLevel )
            </code>
        </div>
        <h2 id="parameterlist">Parameters</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt><code>$view</code>
                —
                <a href="#">Symfony\Component\Form\FormView</a></dt>
          <dd>The view for determining the<br/>used themes. First the themes<br/>attached directly to the view<br/>with are<br/>considered, then the ones of<br/>its parent etc.<br/></dd>
          <dt><code>$blockNameHierarchy</code>
                —
                array</dt>
          <dd>The block name hierarchy, with<br/>the root block at the beginning.</dd>
          <dt><code>$hierarchyLevel</code>
                —
                integer</dt>
          <dd>The level in the hierarchy at<br/>which to start looking. Level 0<br/>indicates the root block, i.e.<br/>the first element of<br/>                                             $blockNameHierarchy.</dd>
        </dl>
        <h2 id="return">Returns</h2>
        <dl class="styled">
          <dt>integer|Boolean</dt>
          <dd>The hierarchy level or false, if no resource was found.<br/>
        </dd>
        </dl>
      </section>
    </div>
    <footer>
      <span/>
    </footer>
  </body>
</html>
